---
id: hn3aex7l
title: Financial Modal
file_version: 1.1.3
app_version: 1.15.3
---

## **Financial Modal Component Documentation**

The `FinancialModal` component is a React component that provides a modal dialog for adding and editing financial records in the Financial Master section of an application's Company Settings. This modal is designed to interact with the financial data and offer users a user-friendly interface for entering and modifying financial information.

### **Dependencies**

The component relies on the following external dependencies:

*   **formik**: A library for managing forms and form validations in React applications.

*   **react**: The core library for building user interfaces in React.

### **Component Behavior**

The `FinancialModal` component serves the following purposes:

1.  **Data Entry and Editing**: Enables users to input and modify financial record information.

2.  **Validation**: Utilizes the Formik library to manage form state and validation of the entered data.

3.  **Checkboxes for Status and Year Active**: Provides checkboxes to determine the active status and whether the year is active.

4.  **Save and Close**: Allows users to save entered information and close the modal.

### **Props**

The `FinancialModal` component accepts the following props:

*   **visible** (boolean): Determines whether the modal should be visible or hidden.

*   **onClick** (function): Callback function to handle the close button click event.

### **Modal Content**

The modal content is divided into sections for various fields:

*   **Financial Year ID**: A numerical field for entering the financial year's identification.

*   **Name**: A text field for entering the name of the financial year.

*   **Start Date**: A date picker for selecting the start date of the financial year.

*   **End Date**: A date picker for selecting the end date of the financial year.

*   **Short Name**: A text field for entering a short abbreviation of the financial year.

*   **Year Active**: A checkbox indicating whether the financial year is active.

*   **Remarks**: A textarea for entering additional remarks about the financial year.

*   **Status**: A checkbox indicating whether the financial year's status is active.

### **Form Validation**

The component utilizes Formik to manage form validation. It initializes with default values for the fields and handles the submission of data upon clicking the "Save" button. Upon submission, the entered data is logged to the console.

### **User Interaction**

Users can interact with the modal by filling out the form fields, checking/unchecking checkboxes, and clicking the "Save" or "Close" buttons. The "Close" button triggers the provided `onClick` callback to close the modal.

<br/>

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBU3lzdGVjaEhSTSUzQSUzQU11a3RhUGF0aWw=/docs/hn3aex7l).
